on 01.28.2029 we had checkin issues. 

The checkin iPad for the ess-ministry org wouldn't get past the OTP screen.

I have a feeling we're not implementing this well and we need to think through the entire login/security flow.

Feel free to challenge me on this, but in general I was surprised it didn't work.

What didn't work about it is when I put in the email and tapped the request OTP button, the button changed state, but it never submitted. I couldn't see any errors because I was on Safari iPad.

This was live in the wild so there's no hope for troubleshooting there.


# Things we need
1. We need better backend logging on what's going on. 
2. We may have different ipads at different stations. We should know how performant they are. In that case, we should have a "station" section in the admin flow that allows me to determine what station the ipad is.
3. I think it would be worthwhile for us to generate a unique checkin URL for each event. 

The flow for myself as a pastor should be
1. Login to iPad. 
2. It should know what station it is. If not, prompt me to select.
3. Generate URL for event.
4. Go to the live URL for the event.

Think of it like sharing a Google Doc or a Gamma.app slide deck or a Notion page. 

At this point. Anyone with the URL will be able to checkin. No one else. 

Now what I lose is flexibility of just going to ess-ministry/checkin and seeing the checkin state from any page. So maybe my thinking her is unecessary? I need to poke holes in it.

# The objective here is to:
1. Make it very simple for an administrator to setup an ipad and start checking people in
2. Allowing me to select which location my ipad is at. Let's call it location instead of station. I may have two checkin locations. Or i may have 1 checkin location and multiple devices. We need to know which device/station/location ios most performant.
3. We cannot have these issues where we cannot even login and get people checked in. This was so frustrating yesterday. Part of me ALWAYS wants the checkin page accessible, whether or not you're logged in. but apparently there's some RLS / security issues around this. 
4. If 3 is not possible, I am open to having more ridigidty in the flow but it needs to go very seamlessly.
5. We need to do a better job of logging errors remotely. What does this look like?

# Let's make things
1. Very easy for an admin
2. very easy to checkin
3. Secure

